Acronym,Definition,Description,Tags,Grade
DJIA,Dow Jones Industrial Average,A stock market index that measures the stock performance of 30 large companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States. The DJIA is one of the oldest and most followed equity indices serving as an indicator of the overall health of the U.S. economy and stock market performance.,Finance,4
NASDAQ,National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations,An American stock exchange known for its high-tech listings and the world's first electronic stock market. NASDAQ is the second-largest stock exchange globally by market capitalization featuring many technology companies and providing an alternative to traditional floor trading through its all-electronic trading platform.,Finance,4
NYSE,New York Stock Exchange,The world's largest stock exchange by market capitalization located on Wall Street in New York City. NYSE facilitates the buying and selling of stocks bonds and other securities providing liquidity price discovery and capital formation for companies and investors worldwide.,Finance,4
ETF,Exchange-Traded Fund,A type of investment fund and exchange-traded product traded on stock exchanges. ETFs are similar to mutual funds but trade like stocks offering investors a way to pool their money in a fund that makes investments in stocks bonds or assets tracking an underlying index.,Finance,4
REIT,Real Estate Investment Trust,A company that owns operates or finances income-generating real estate. REITs allow individual investors to earn dividends from real estate investments without having to buy manage or finance properties themselves providing portfolio diversification and reliable income streams.,Finance,4
SEC,Securities and Exchange Commission,The U.S. government agency responsible for enforcing federal securities laws and regulating the securities industry stock exchanges and companies offering securities to the public. SEC protects investors maintains fair and efficient markets and facilitates capital formation through oversight enforcement and regulation.,Finance,4
FDIC,Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,A U.S. government corporation that provides deposit insurance to depositors in American commercial banks and savings institutions. FDIC coverage protects depositors against the loss of their insured deposits if an FDIC-insured bank or savings association fails up to $250000 per depositor per bank.,Finance,4
CPI,Consumer Price Index,A measure that examines the weighted average of prices of a basket of consumer goods and services. CPI is used to track inflation and deflation periods identify cost-of-living changes and adjust wages benefits and prices to maintain purchasing power across the economy.,Economics,4
PPI,Producer Price Index,A family of indexes that measures the average change over time in selling prices received by domestic producers for their output. PPI tracks price changes from the perspective of the seller serving as an early indicator of inflation before changes affect consumers and helping businesses with contract negotiations.,Economics,4
ISP,Internet Service Provider,A company that provides services for accessing and using the internet. ISPs offer various services such as internet access domain name registration web hosting email services and colocation managing the infrastructure that enables individuals and organizations to connect to the global internet.,Technology,4
SMTP,Simple Mail Transfer Protocol,An internet standard communication protocol for electronic mail transmission. SMTP is used when sending emails between servers ensuring that messages are delivered to the correct destination through a series of commands that identify the sender recipient and message content.,Technology,4
IMAP,Internet Message Access Protocol,A standard email protocol that stores email messages on a mail server and enables the end user to view and manipulate the messages as though they were stored locally. IMAP allows users to access their email from multiple devices while maintaining the same view of their messages folders and message status.,Technology,4
VoIP,Voice over Internet Protocol,A technology that allows voice calls to be made using an internet connection instead of a traditional phone line. VoIP converts voice into digital signals that travel over the internet enabling cheaper international calls video conferencing and integration with other digital services.,Technology,4
SEO,Search Engine Optimization,The process of improving a website to increase its visibility when people search for products or services. SEO involves making technical content and design changes to rank higher in search engine results pages attract more visitors and increase the likelihood of those visitors becoming customers.,Marketing,4
CMS,Content Management System,A software application used to create and manage digital content typically allowing multiple contributors to work in a collaborative environment. CMS platforms like WordPress Drupal and Joomla enable users to create edit publish and organize content without specialized technical knowledge.,Technology,4
DNS,Domain Name System,The hierarchical and decentralized naming system used to identify computers reachable through the Internet or other IP networks. DNS translates human-readable domain names (like example.com) into numerical IP addresses needed for locating and identifying computer services and devices.,Technology,4
SSL,Secure Sockets Layer,A standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. SSL ensures that all data transmitted between the web server and browser remains private and secure preventing hackers from reading and modifying information during transmission.,Cybersecurity,4
TLS,Transport Layer Security,An encryption protocol designed to provide communications security over a computer network. TLS is the successor to SSL and provides secure communications on the internet for activities like web browsing email instant messaging and voice-over-IP ensuring data privacy and integrity.,Cybersecurity,4
CSS,Cascading Style Sheets,A style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language such as HTML. CSS separates content from design allowing developers to control layout colors fonts and other visual aspects of web pages improving accessibility and user experience.,Technology,4
AWS,Amazon Web Services,A comprehensive cloud computing platform provided by Amazon that includes a mixture of infrastructure as a service platform as a service and packaged software as a service offerings. AWS provides computing power database storage content delivery and other functionality to help businesses scale and grow.,Technology,4