Acronym,Definition,Description,Tags,Grade
NFL,National Football League,The major professional American football league consisting of 32 teams divided equally between the National Football Conference and the American Football Conference. NFL is one of the four major North American professional sports leagues and the highest professional level of American football in the world.,Sports,4
NBA,National Basketball Association,The premier men's professional basketball league in North America composed of 30 teams. NBA is widely considered to be the premier men's professional basketball league in the world featuring many of the world's most talented players and serving as the global standard for basketball competition.,Sports,4
MLB,Major League Baseball,A professional baseball organization and the oldest major professional sports league in the world. MLB consists of 30 teams (29 in the United States and 1 in Canada) that compete in the American League and National League representing the highest level of professional baseball.,Sports,4
NHL,National Hockey League,A professional ice hockey league in North America currently comprising 32 teams—25 in the United States and 7 in Canada. NHL is considered to be the premier professional ice hockey league in the world and one of the major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada.,Sports,4
FIFA,Fédération Internationale de Football Association,The international governing body of association football (soccer) futsal and beach soccer. FIFA is responsible for organizing and promoting major international soccer tournaments particularly the World Cup which is the world's most watched sporting event.,Sports,4
ATP,Association of Tennis Professionals,The governing body of the men's professional tennis circuits. ATP organizes the worldwide tennis tour for men including the ATP Tour ATP Challenger Tour and ATP Champions Tour ranking players and establishing standards for tournaments and player conduct.,Sports,4
MMA,Mixed Martial Arts,A full-contact combat sport that allows a wide variety of fighting techniques from a mixture of martial arts traditions and non-traditions. MMA incorporates striking and grappling while both standing and on the ground from various combat sports and martial arts around the world.,Sports,4
MVP,Most Valuable Player,An award given to the best-performing player in an entire league team or competition. MVP recognizes the player who has contributed the most to their team's success through outstanding performance leadership and overall impact on games throughout a season or tournament.,Sports,4
DOT,Department of Transportation,A federal Cabinet department of the U.S. government concerned with transportation. DOT oversees federal highway aviation railroad maritime and other transportation administration functions establishing safety standards developing transportation policies and providing financial grants for transportation projects.,Transportation,4
FAA,Federal Aviation Administration,A national authority with powers to regulate all aspects of civil aviation in the United States and its surrounding international waters. FAA oversees air traffic management aircraft certification commercial space transportation and development of the national aerospace system.,Transportation,4
TSA,Transportation Security Administration,An agency of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security that has authority over the security of the traveling public in the United States. TSA is primarily responsible for air travel security including passenger and baggage screening at airports to prevent terrorism and ensure safe transportation.,Transportation,4
ETA,Estimated Time of Arrival,The expected time at which a vehicle ship aircraft package or person will arrive at a specified destination. ETA provides important logistical information for transportation planning passenger expectations and supply chain management enabling coordination of resources and activities.,Transportation,4
ATC,Air Traffic Control,A service provided by ground-based air traffic controllers who direct aircraft on the ground and through controlled airspace. ATC maintains safe distances between aircraft prevents collisions organizes and expedites the flow of air traffic and provides information and support for pilots.,Transportation,4
GPS,Global Positioning System,A satellite-based navigation system providing geolocation and time information to a GPS receiver anywhere on Earth with an unobstructed line of sight to four or more GPS satellites. GPS enables precise location tracking navigation and timing for military civilian and commercial applications worldwide.,Transportation,4
NTSB,National Transportation Safety Board,An independent U.S. government investigative agency responsible for civil transportation accident investigation. NTSB investigates accidents in aviation highways marine pipeline and railroad determines probable causes and issues safety recommendations aimed at preventing future accidents.,Transportation,4
DOD,Department of Defense,The federal department charged with coordinating and supervising all agencies and functions of the government directly related to national security and the United States Armed Forces. DOD is the largest employer in the world overseeing the military branches and defense agencies that protect the United States.,Military,4
USMC,United States Marine Corps,A branch of the United States Armed Forces responsible for conducting expeditionary and amphibious operations. USMC serves as a rapid reaction force ready for immediate deployment by sea or air to protect American interests and provide humanitarian assistance around the world.,Military,4
NAVY,United States Navy,The naval warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces responsible for conducting naval operations around the world. Navy maintains ships aircraft submarines and other assets for war maintains freedom of the seas and protects U.S. interests abroad.,Military,4
USAF,United States Air Force,The aerial warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces. USAF is responsible for military flying operations defensive strategic airpower global lift and reconnaissance in both peace and war supporting U.S. national security objectives through air and space superiority.,Military,4
JSOC,Joint Special Operations Command,A component command of the United States Special Operations Command charged with studying special operations requirements and techniques. JSOC plans and conducts special operations exercises and training develops joint special operations tactics and conducts classified special operations missions.,Military,4